{OK, so we'll continue on for a
study. The this item is a
complex scene, so please
describe what you see and what
is happening in detail and aim
to describe it in between three
and five minutes and I'll let
you know when it's time, when
it's about 5 minutes.}
#START_airport Hi, it's me
again, Waldo. Folks, some very
strange things happened at the
airport this morning and
helicopter chopped down all the
flagpoles, a smuggler was caught
hiding watches under this beard,
and a herd of elephants was
getting onto a jumbo plate.
That's pretty weird.
So in the sky you see a flying
saucer, an airplane and a
rocket. Somebody fired a rocket.
Looks like it's towards the
airplane even.
People up on top of the tower
there.
And then on the other side is
another plane. It's just taking
off.
Then you have a small biplane.
That's the ones with the four
wings that they used to use in
the old days oh there's a blimp.
Those things are giant
ginormous. There's another
rocket taking off, and there's
half plane, half eagle. That's
very interesting. Maybe it's an
eagle plane. Then there's a hot
air balloon down below the
they're getting ready to take
off, it looks like, and next to
it there's a helicopter.
Several different country flags
as a British flag in American
flag, like might be an Italian
flag and I'm not sure what the
other one is. Then there's a
little policeman with a rescue
vehicle and there's a plane. It
must be a jumbo plane cause
they're loading elephants. I
know that many elephants could
fit on a plane. We have special
one and above that's a giant
shoe though and a wind socks
finding which way the winds
blowing.
you need that in an airport
When you come down below and
there's a couple of other power
planes, 1 1 is the people are
coming out from the airport into
the to loading onto the plane.
And then ohh there is a bus
taking people probably off the
plane, taking them out out away
from the plane, taking them back
to the terminal.
And then there's another vehicle
there. He's loading up another
plane with gasoline or whatever
fuel they use airplane fuel
because you got to have airplane
fuel to take off and looks like
they're checking the whole plane
out to make sure it's safe.
There's people getting off that
plane, they're all boarding and
and walking into the airport.
Then there's a guy with a
tractor pulling some cows. Not
sure where they're going.
And we look over here and the
luggage guy, ohh, the luggage
guy has lost some of his luggage
that had fallen on top of one
person.
Oh, and then he ran over the gas
hose and disconnected it from
the airplane.
And then, uh, and then there's
one these guys are throwing
luggage from the there's a chute
that comes down to where all the
luggage comes out, and these
guys are throwing their bags to
each other, and one guy hits the
guy in the head, Ouch. And then
they're loading it onto those
luggage trams and take it into
the airport.
And then behind some boxes are
the guys taking breaks and
they're all smoking, taking a
smoke break then sees them going
or it might be their boss
saying, hey, what are you guys
doing over here?
And then other people are
walking to the some people are
falling out of the airplane. I
guess they forgot to put the
ramp down for them.
Fire trucks running to escorting
people. Looks like a lot of
chaos going on there.
Right over there to where the
the luggage carousels are and
luggage is coming out and it's
all open. It's all crushed. I
don't know what happened to all
that luggage, but it's in the
little boys on the luggage rack.
And then they're walking up, and
then a man's showing them which
way to go.
And then there's a help. Oh, the
guys inspecting the luggage are
throwing everything out of her
luggage. What a mess. After you
pack so neatly throwing it all
out. There's a guy selling
watches, fake watches, and now
he's being arrested.
Had chosen there's a guy looking
at this guy's beard and it's
very long.
3 feet long.
And then these other people.
Lot of attendants there. Another
lady dropped all of her luggage.
Somebody's gonna have to help
her pick that up. Another guy
hits the guy that's luggage
because he's staring at a woman
and not watching where he's
going.
Ohh yes, other counter must be
where the lost luggage goes or
where you're looking for your
luggage. That's no problem when
you lose your luggage, not at
all.
Then on top of that building or
little kids all and there's a
looks like a pilot with little
airplane teaching the kids about
airplane flying.
#END_airport Very interesting.
{Yeah. OK, that was about 5
minutes.}
{Next we have the longest item
in the whole study. It's 44
pages.}
{But again, since we are aiming
between 10 and 15 minutes, you
can like judge the level of
detail that you give for each
page so.}
{You can go ahead and start when
you're ready.}
#START_wanderer This is very
interesting. Not sure what it
is, but it looks like a giant.
Paper and there's a boy, and
then there's a man with a helmet
and two horns.
And then they're starting to
roll the paper up.
And then they're gone. And then
they're starting to fold the
paper up. They're taking all
four corners and folding them
together.
And then it almost looks like a
giant hat.
And then they're carrying this
hat over somewhere else and it
looks like a giant ship here.
Oh, it's a boat they made. And
they're sailing out to this boat
that's in the ocean.
I don't know that I know that
thing. I guess it can float it.
I wouldn't think it could. And
then the boat floating out to
the out to sea and all the
seagulls are flying overhead.
And the turtles are coming up to
say, what is this? What kind of
boat is this? And the birds are
looking at it. And oh, oh, here
comes the big whale next to the
boat. That boat, well, he might
swallow that boat.
Always got the boat on his fin.
That's funny.
There's a little teeny paper
boat or cloth boat, honest and
honest pen, and he's going away
with it.
Now the boat is on top of it
looks like a school of fish.
There's a lot of fish down
there.
It's like, yeah, big school of
fish in the boats floating along
the top of it.
Ah, there's.
boats what looks like it's
raining down.
Yeah, there's two little fishes
down below kissing. I don't know
what kind of fish those are.
There's other fish. And then,
oh, somebody's fishing from the
boat. Looks like they've caught
a fish on the hook. Oh, he's
going to be caught.
Now there's a fish with a
little, almost like a seahorse
on his head, and he's got the
boat on top of his head, a
little one of the big boat.
There's a big boat and a little
teeny boat on top of his head,
and plenty of coral and fish
under the sea.
Then there's what looks like a
snake coming up to go into the
boat. Maybe it's an eel or
something.
Oh the seahorses is in the boat.
Now the boat looks like it's
sailing along to I don't know if
it's an island or just a bunch
of trees with birds on it.
Thousands of birds on it.
The birds are looking at each
other.
In the boat sailing through it,
I'm not sure what it is. Maybe
it's like a coral reef or
something where they can fit
through all the different giant
plants that are there.
Two birds are looking at each
other, talking to each other.
Little fish are fishing all
around, swimming all around.
You know where the boats headed.
And this is interesting.
Fish and they have glowing eyes
and little birds looking at
them. All the birds got glowing
eyes too.
Oh, and then it looked like
almost like alligators with
glowing eyes in the little
seahorses sailing along.
Now the seahorse is looking
down.
Funny looking.
Creature walking on look like
looks like a lobster riding the
lobster along.
There's all, then there's a
bunch of other seahorses and
looks like they found another
boat to get into.
Oh, and there's a giant whale.
And that little little boat
looks so little next to this
giant whale. Now all the birds
are sitting on top of of of the
whale. Then some strange little
things coming out of his head.
Not sure what it is, but it
looks like it's pulling the boat
up. I'm not even sure if this is
a whale anymore. I don't know
what this animal is.
And it's on top of a ship.
Very interesting looking. He's
got sharp teeth though.
There's more birds and more
strange looking creatures under
the sea.
some Look like snakes. Some look
like alligators, some look like
even look like tigers, but they
have fins and some have look
like elephants, but they're able
to be under the water, the lions
and everywhere not under there.
Very interesting.
Now it's night time. So many
stars and the little boats out
there all by itself, and all the
glowing eyes of the fish are
under the sea and the stars in
the sky are lit up.
It's so beautiful. And this
little Half Moon out there.
Sliver of a moon, not 1/2 Moon,
sliver of a moon showing.
Now all the fish are surrounded,
have surrounded the little boat,
and they all have glowing eyes.
They're all watching them both.
another boat sailing to. Not
sure what that is.
Something shimmering hanging
from the sky looks like a
shimmering ribbon.
Maybe it's a Cliff in the middle
of the ocean, maybe an iceberg
or something, but it's a real
high and the boats are real
little below.
And you can, the boat can go
through this little iceberg
thing and it's floating in like
a tunnel part of the iceberg.
Or rock, whatever it is.
Ah, and then he came out the
other side and he sees the thing
staring at the boat. The next
one, it looks like it, almost
like a sea diver, but it has
fins on it, so I'm not sure what
it is. He's #8 though, that's
what he is. And he's got the
boat in his hand and he's
looking at it and stuff is
pouring out of his little
goggles on his helmet.
And a light shining on the boat.
And now we're next to a giant
ship. Ohh, it's very big.
And the little boats next to it
and that little thing that was
shining is up above there
looking at the giant ship, is
that giant bags hanging off it's
fishing bags of fishes.
Hmm, that's filled with fish.
Now the boats were the floating
along with all the birds. Lots
of birds. The birds are in the
ocean, the birds are birds are
in the sky. And then they're
coming to a strange looking
building in the middle of the
water.
And share it might be an oil
rig, might be a fishing thing.
It's holding up a big wheel on
the side of it though that they
caught.
Smokes coming out the top of it.
Ohh, now somebody's out shooting
at the boat.
A bunch of men are shooting at
the boat.
And then there's a guy on a
trying to get away on a little
ride see riding thing and
they're shooting at him too. And
then big anchors coming down.
And then there's a guy in the
funny helmet and he's he's on a
rocket. Looks like he's ready to
take off.
Ohh, now he's holding on to the
boat.
with a rope
Then there's other people.
There's all kinds of strange
little creatures in another boat
coming towards them. One guy has
a mean look with a horn on his
head, and there's a cat, and
there's and a horse and strange
looking little creatures.
And then there's a big wave,
like a big tidal wave coming the
little boats on its side under
the wave.
And the strange looking boat
with the strange looking people
are riding right into the tidal
wave. It looks like a a curved
wave that you can ride on
through and the path walk on a
tightrope through all of this. I
don't know how he's keeping his
balance.
Ohh and then there's a big
lightning bolt coming down from
the sky.
And then the next one that the
boat is turned into, it looks
like an airplane he's flying
over the ocean.
Now the boats going through ohh
you got to see this picture.
Looks like a bunch of Donuts.
Makes you hungry, but the boats
able to float right on through
it, riding through the donut
holes.
Ohh, but inside those donut
holes are dinosaur looking
things are very scary with the
glowing eyes. Again, they're
just staring at the little boat
coming through.
Now these guys are outside of
the little Donuts, but their
eyes are still glowing. One has
a squirrely little horn, and one
it's got.
Water or something coming out of
his his little nostrils into the
boat.
And then there's another one
standing on the island. He looks
like a fish on top, but then
he's got a little bikini bathing
suit and he's got web feet on
the bottom looking sea urchin.
propellers and bottles are
laying.
This looks like a bunch of
jellyfish, like a boat has. The
boat has gone into a whole bunch
of jellyfish everywhere,
millions of them all over the
place and the boats in the
middle of it.
Now the boats with the School of
Fish again.
Another couple of strange sea
urchin looking animals in there.
And another boats by another
strange animal and there's.
And then there's a shining
light shining down on these
other strains of those sea
urchins, and they're all over
the boat.
Ones upside down it, ones on top
of it, ones crawling into it
then.
sea urchin underneath it and
then there's a a boat looks like
it's dive bomb diving into the
sea urchin.
Ohh, it's actually going
upwards. It must have been a
submarine and it's going up
above the water now and the
boats on the nose of it.
It's going up against another
boat and the sea urchins pushing
that boat up.
Now there's some seals playing
where the boat seals are fun and
they like to play a lot. A bunch
of them.
All the fish are watching that
and all the seals are coming to
help play with the the boat.
There's two boats on top of the
water again, and down below are
some some jellyfish and some
other fish, some striped fish.
Down there is a man and little
those tanks and stuff that were
under the sea.
Not sure what he's doing on
there. He has a glow glowing
ball in his hand and watching
him.
a buoy is a buoy with all kinds
of sea urchins all over it.
And the birds on top and it's
got a light on top. And there's
the the the man with it was with
the sea sea gear on, riding a
strange looking fish.
the boat still going along. And
then there's a lighthouse ahead
and there's a man on the
lighthouse looking out. Don't
know if he's looking for that
boat or other boats.
he is probably the caretaker of
the lighthouse.
Then there's a giant, giant
bridge, very big, with lots of
sticks.
a little a round building on top
little flag and it goes very
long and all the boats are next
to it.
Some kind of pier
There's an another boat flowing
along by the big boat.
Looks like they're heading to a
town maybe.
There's a giant giant whale
looking thing again on looking
see animal and there's a little
rowboat with three guys in it.
And the buoy
And there's.
Oh, there's a one boat. It's got
like a crane thing going up to
meet the giant sea looking
thing.
giant people, there's big old
boats and all the people are
waiting to greet things, greet
everyone.
Half of the people up there
greeting waiting for people to
come into shore.
There's a boat with an A little
umbrella on it and someone
driving that and there's,
there's our paper boat again,
it's coming into shore too, big
cranes in the background loading
those.
Train cars off.
Another giant building and it's
holding a boy and a round bubble
type of thing and it looks like
a sea urchin creature again.
more like a machine I think.
Ohh, there's oh they caught that
we're looking animal with the
weird horn on his head.
fisherman have caught him. They
got him in a net.
And two, let lazy dogs are just
looking over the edge of the
water and the paper boats right
next to that. Again, there's a
bunch of buildings all around,
one of them called exploratio.
Being exploring or something,
and then there's a little paper
boat there that the man's going
out to greet.
Ohh, and now we're in a city.
a city with water in it.
Like, like kind of like Venice
is little boats floating to the
city, the water canals and the
city and the giant.
Strange thing with wings taken
off from the top of the building
and then there's a elk or
something or a reindeer up on
top above them, way high on
until they the buildings are
all.
Really Cool, cool shape. Kind of
like the the place in Russia.
And there's the cat and the
spotted horse and all those
other little sea creatures going
up the side of a building, and
the little boats down below. And
on the other side there's more
sea creatures. And there's a
little man just sitting on the
steps, watching, all smoking a
cigarette. Looks like other ones
are sitting up above. Looks like
they're just enjoying the
refreshment, watching the water.
There's the fish watching the
little boat float through the
canals, and there's a bigger
boat, like the submarine is on
one side, on the other side is a
little fishing boat.
beside it
Paper boat is still floating
along.
Paper boat is floating up to a
little house that's lit up and
all trees are around it.
The next one you see the paper
boat. It looks like someone's in
the paper boat.
#END_wanderer Go and yes, there
is someone in it. And now
they're getting out of the boat
and looking, going up the
stairs, looking back at the boat
and he's walking up the stairs
to see somebody. And then the
next one you see just two pairs
of feet. So he's meeting
somebody at the top of those
stairs.
{Alright, so that was the
story.}
{So we're going to switch it up.
Looking at the complex screen
again, my favorite, yes.}
#START_by_the_lake after the
excitement of the past few days,
the lake is the perfect place
for the Penguins to lie back and
relax in the sunshine. There's
plenty to see to keep the young
ones entertained. Pee Wee can't
stop playing in the sand and dot
us, having a fantastic time
splashing around and trying out
the different water sports.
OK, let's look at this. In the
back we have a the building and
we have.
Oh, a whole slue of Men and
women standing in a pyramid and
they're on water boat while
little water paddle boards, so
that's hard to do.
12345 layers of them, one on
top, then two, then three and
then more and more.
And there's a bunch of people
out there parasailing on the
water.
And then there is sailboats. And
then there's there's a paraglide
where you can ride in a boat
closer behind it pulls you up
into the air.
There's more boats in the water
and there's back in these
buildings in the background and
then there's a family cooking
out.
It's like they're cooking up
lunch or dinner, barbecuing,
that's good. Then there's a
rope, men rowing like a rowing
team, and they have a dragon
head boat and they're all rowing
together. And there's a a man
with and it's just a bathing
suit and he's going hurrah.
Then there's a a motorized boat
guy on the water, and then
there's someone and tubes
floating around.
And then there's a sea. Ohh
some, some are even on sea doos
out there. I don't know they're
getting around. It's pretty
crowded out there. Yeah. Then
there's a little platform out in
the water where they're going to
wrap type of thing where they're
jumping. All the kids are on it,
climbing on it and then jumping
out of it and hanging out on it.
Those are always fun.
And then there's people in the
water swimming away.
And the guy with a net, he's
probably trying to catch some
fish or something in that water.
I don't think he's gonna find
any, though. And there's some
girls out suntanning and then
they're playing volleyball over
here.
And they're having fun.
got two teams of Volleyballers
playing, and there's a guy
sitting by a boat serenading his
girlfriend, playing guitar for
her, and some other people with
the Penguin and a guy are
listening to him play his music.
there is a guy flying a kite up
there and another one over here.
There's some ice chest and more
people sunbathing, some playing
and playing with your iPad. That
sounds like perfect what people
like to do.
There's a guy on one of those 2
wheel things that you ride with
just the handles riding around
the beach, and there's another
raft. They're getting ready to
push a girl into the water.
can't forget the kids making
sandcastles.
Huge sandcastle has a little
eagle on it and castles and
everything. It was a good job
and there's a little doggy.
Going to play with his his owner
in the water now above water
probably as most people do.
Then some little boys are over
there fishing off the pier, and
little girls too.
And then there's a little boy
looks like he's teaching his
little brother or dad, teaching
his little boy how to swim for
the first time.
And that's always fun. And then
there's the ones that are just
floating around enjoying the
water.
#END_by_the_lake And there's
some bicyclists up there, too,
riding around. I think everybody
in town is at this beach today.
{Alright Kate, we can move on to
the next item, which is a
graphic novel. It's about 8
pages.}
#START_arrival-4 Ohh, looks like
this guy just woke up for the
first thing in the morning.
Nice getting ready to get ready.
He's starting to shave.
Still got a shaving cream on and
his razor out and a little
mirror. He's looking into shade.
And he's putting on, he got his
dressed and he's buttoning his
vest, he's tying his shoes and
he's checking to see how much
money he has put in his pocket.
And then last thing, he's
grabbing his hat and then he's
looking at a map and trying to
figure out where he has to go
reading the map. He's standing
there reading the map some more,
and then there's a little fish
with them, helping them read the
map
I don't know where the fish came
from. He's walking and following
the man.
Looks like a.
Busy roads, busy factories and
roads. Still looking at the map
and reading it and reading it.
I'm not sure if he's lost. I'm
not sure if that's a fish
either. It's kind of strange
looking, a little thing.
And then there's a bunch of
people down below and there's
boats up hanging up above, or
propeller, propeller boats that
can fly.
looks like the people are all
just hanging out waiting to get
take their ride to maybe to work
or something.
Yeah.
That funny little animals got a
different strange looking looks
like a bird type of animal next
to him.
And he's got real pointy ears. A
bird with real pointy ears. Yes,
we got bird feet and a bird
tail. Still, looking at the map,
it seems like he's lost and he's
looking at a woman reading a
book.
he finally goes, looks like all
he's asking for directions. You
show me how to get here. So the
lady looks at the map and she's
pointing out to where he needs
to go.
And then she says, oh, that's a
strange looking phone, but she's
pointing to a phone there.
And it's a fancy phone. And so
that he's dialing or she's
dialing the phone and that she
pulls a lever and then something
comes out. Maybe it's a ticket.
Ticket, and then she gives a
ticket to the man and the man's
looking and they're looking at
it and she's got three fingers
up for some reason.
But she's pointing up in the sky
with all the different propeller
vehicles flying around.
They're still waiting and
looking and waiting and looking
and they're waiting and looking
and there's that little animal
again. Ohh. And then it's time
that is a ticket because he just
gave the ticket to the the man
in charge to get on the the
vehicle and the man took his
ticket and told him walked this
way.
Then he found him a bench to sit
on, on, on. He's on there, the
vehicle now and the little weird
animal sitting next to him.
Oh, she's got the other animal,
the girl that helped him. And so
they're starting to talk.
They're talking away.
he pulls out a picture. Ohh he's
looking for somebody. He pulled
out a picture and and she's
looking at it and she pulls out
a picture.
And they're both looking at it,
and they both look sad.
And she's reading the book.
Then the man comes and takes the
book from her and puts it in a
drawer. Looks like he locks her
away. Now she's like a slave and
having to do shovel coals and
the hot fire.
She's shoveling coals and
shoveling coals and a really hot
fire. It's hot and smoky, and
then she has to get on top and
clean the thing out too.
She's on top cleaning the thing
out, and there's a bunch of
women down there having to
shovel the coals into whatever's
burning down there. She's very
sad she has a shovel.
And she figured she could open
the door with the shovel. So she
opened the door and she snuck
out.
Went to the next thing and then
she found the keys and she got
her book back out of the drawer.
She's running with her book and
running and running, and she
pops on a train car and she's
sitting in an empty training
car, but she has her book with
her and she's running away and
got away on a train.
good for her
There's the the flying vehicle
that they're on and they're
talking away, sitting and
talking in the man's announcing
they must have been arriving at
where they were going.
And so that he says goodbye to
her.
And him and the little.
Strange animal thing or walking
away and he said looking,
thinking, and he's just looking
at this new city that he's gone
to.
It's a strange looking city,
yeah.
And then he's walking around his
little funny animal. Lots of
people are walking around.
And she's going to look like a
mailbox getting something out of
it.
And then you see an old man and
a woman and they got looks like
she bought a fish.
And then he's just down there
looking at the.
Trying to figure out how to talk
in another language, maybe
because this little book with
him again.
He's looking and he's looking
and.
little animal showing him on
which one to open, which door he
should open. He opens that door.
And then you see he's looking in
a book now.
pulling a strange animal out of
the drawer.
Then he's talking to a little
boy.
all of a sudden there's a dad
and a little boy all happy.
And then they try to hand him.
The little boy tries to hand
them that, I don't know, it's an
animal or it's a piece of food.
Still pointing to a picture in
the book, he must a picture in
the book.
And a man goes over and shows
them which one to push and he
opens that and he brings out
another funny looking thing.
With food though, and he's
taking a bite of that food, and
the little boy is bringing him a
basket and they give the basket
to the man and the boy in the
center standing there with the
man.
And then he's got more food,
more different kinds of food.
strange looking food I've never
seen before.
they seem to like it and are
eating it, somebody. Somebody's
real giant.
Then cutting it and they said,
oh, it tastes good. Then they're
breaking it in half and sharing
it with the man.
Ohh they gave him some to his
little pet too. They gave him a
whole basketball, all this
different food. And a little
boy's whispering to the dad and
the man puts his arm around the
man that he was helping, and
little boys showing him the way
and they go off together walking
together. How nice of them.
And they're walking towards a
boat and then they're walking.
They have a big jar or
something.
Ohh, there's an animal inside
that jar.
And it's tails coming out and
the man drops the basket going,
what is that?
Like kind of the dad in the
center laughing because it's a
it's like a cat looking animal.
And he's looking at the, the
strange man and the and the
dad's laughing again.
And then they the.
The cat and the strange animal
are looking at each other and
he's picking up his fruit.
And Dad and the man are talking
again.
And he draws a house and this,
and this and this book. Now he's
drawing a house at three
buildings and the tail of that
weird looking cat.
Then he shows the man, the
picture man. Oh, that's really
must like the picture because
it's it's touching his heart
like he likes it and he's
looking up like, I don't
understand.
#END_arrival-4 We're not sure
what's going on here. They just
show an eyeball at the end
there.
{Yes, there was this part of the
story.}
{ I will see another part of the
story now.}
#START_arrival-5 Now there's a
big city and on the top of bird
looking buildings, but they have
eyes and the beak almost looks
like a bunch of birds on top of
there. With their giant birds,
they look like part of the
building. Down below there's a
bunch of boats and then there's
the water.
And then there's the same man,
but he's got a kind of a cat
statue and he's wrapping it with
a rope.
And then in the next one, he's
showing the man the way and the
little boys got the both their
little animals following him
with the Big bowl of fruit that
they had veggies.
And you bring it to the mom. The
little boy gives it to the mom.
and the mom and the husband
kisses the mom and he introduces
the man to her and she says
welcome, come on in.
Share a drink together.
And then they got their food and
she's cutting the food up.
And it looks like he's gonna
make something to drink. And
they're, oh, they're cooking the
meat up, they're basting. It
looks like they're going to cook
up a nice meal for him.
The little boys feeding the two
animals from the table, that's
typical little boy thing.
and the man's firing up whatever
he's cooking kind of roasting it
with a torch.
A man and a woman are having a
good conversation.
Man's drinking looks like
they're drinking, maybe drinking
a little bit of wine, and
they're having fun. And she says
she's laughing, he's laughing.
They're strangers laughing. And
the man starts playing music and
oh, the woman plays, Mom plays
music too, and the little boy
plays music. So they're all
playing music on their different
instruments. And then the man
folds, paper up, he's folding
it, fold it makes a little
animal out of the paper.
And he gives it to the little
boy. Little man takes the the
dad takes a cup and takes it out
of the drawer cupboard. And they
they got it, mom and him having
them both hands. I'm not sure
what's in that bowl, but it must
be special.
Bowl sitting by itself and the
bowl sitting by itself and the
bowls in the mirror.
And then the little boy is
waking up little. And I said, oh
boy, it's the man. Stranger
wakes up, little pet comes out
in the bed with them and he's
petting his little pet and he's
getting dressed. And then he's
cutting some food and he's
feeding the little his little
pet. He's putting on his jacket
and he's staring down the little
pet, brings him his hat.
And he's walking off with this
little pet
and there is a man feeding a
bunch of strange looking fish.
looks like some women and men
doing business. Somebody's
painting, somebody's working and
selling stuff. Man is looking
and talking to a Baker.
Yeah, it looks like he's looking
for work. He's going to
different places and asks this
other guy if You have work and
it's like they're all saying no
to him.
#END_arrival-5 Asking several
people for a job that looks like
and then he's back up and where
the flying ships are.
{Going on to the next one,
again, a different picture is a
complex scene.}
#START_deep_sea_divers deep sea
divers then Waldo and wizard,
white, black, white beard came
to the watery world of the deep,
sea divers where many waters
have been before, and water
searched for the 8th school,
among the monsters of the deep,
among the mermaids, fishermen
and fish. And when he found it,
it was time to continue his
journey.
We are in the water underneath
the sea this time, but this time
they're on top. There are people
sitting on rocks and they're
fishing.
This little American flag up
there, one guy caught a person
instead of a fish.
And the next time with some
fishing Nets trying to catch
fish.
Then there's the fish are
jumping over the guys fishing,
they're on the rock fishing, and
the fish are just jumping over
their heads. And then there's a
whole rock full of mermaids.
123456789 mermaids up there all
in the king of under the sea
must be king Zeus, taking a
break with the mermaids.
And there's several more people
fishing up there.
several little rowboats of
people fishing there too, all
fishing in the water.
And under the sea, under the
sea, there's an anchor. It just
got dropped and hit on a guy's
head. And there's a guy with a
net trying to fish, catch fish
under there. There's a fish with
the net trying to catch a man
under there.
And then there's some boy ohh
the boys. They caught a fish,
but the fish is taking all of
them underneath the sea.
They couldn't get it.
And another guy with this kind
of spear of fish, but he speared
somebody in the bottom instead.
Lot of chaos and there's a shark
going after these guys.
a little breakfast there's
another mermaid under the sea.
And then a bunch of mermaids
under the sea, not just the ones
on the rocks. There's a bunch
under the sea, too.
And then there's a one guy gotta
catch a giant fish. I bet it's
going to pull him and his boat
under the water.
There's a woman's scuba diving
men scuba diving over here and
over here. There's the ice skate
under there. What the heck is an
ice skate?
Oh, there's some jellyfish.
There are some schools of fish.
There's one other guy with a
net.
There's a guy covered in fish in
there. The other guys are
spearing him.
Fishing down here, this looks
like the guys.
One guy's got a line, the other
guys gonna catch it.
And there's more people walking
on the bottom and they're
stepping on crabs, getting their
feet bit.
The crabs are biting them.
There's a big old hand that
looks looks like a hand, but
it's actually fish on top of it.
Another guy with the fishnet and
there's an octopus.
little octopus. They're all
looking at. They don't see the
big Mama octopus behind them.
Not happy. They're picking on
her little baby.
And there's a catfish. It's
really got a cat head and a fish
body.
And then there's a dog.
Right, the strange things under
this ocean.
Yeah, these guys are riding on.
They think it's a rock, but it's
a giant fish they're riding on.
You know? He's happy.
And then there's a seal with a
lions head on it. That is funny.
Is that a lionfish?
And then then then one of the
mermaids is getting a drink.
{I could get a drink under the
water, but it looks better.
Glass up for it?}
there is a seahorse pulling a
fish in a in a seashell
Get a free ride. There's a
little yeah, there's.
A swordfish, only it has a real
sword on his ohh his nose
instead of a instead of like a
real swordfish.
That's funny, really. Swordfish.
Clown fish.
Ohh, there's some guys above the
water. They don't realize they
got there in the middle of a
shark swimming around. Oh, but
it's not a shark, it's a guy
pulling a prank on them.
#END_deep_sea_divers Sticking
the thing above the water that
looks like a shark.
{That's funny.
That's funny.
Alright, so it's good. So then.
We'll move on to the next one.}
{It's just a couple pages of a
graphic novel.}
#START_arrival-3 The man reading
a newspaper and a boy with a
newspaper under his arm and a
bump. He's holding a bunch of
papers. Might be selling them,
not sure. There's two women and
one has a cat.
And then down below, there's a
man looks like he might be
selling things out of an ice
cooler. I don't know if it's a
fish or strange animals.
The men and women with the
biggest eggs I ever did see.
Yeah, these eggs are like, you
have to hold them with two
hands. They're so big.
And next picture that guy is
getting a shave and shaving him
and his little boy watching him
and his little snail looking
things down below.
And then there's the the band.
He has a strange looking
accordion machine, with the big
almost looking like a tuba top
coming out of it, and the other
guys playing a violin, and they
got their music sheets and the
little birds are dancing around.
Then there's a women sitting
around visiting one sewing was
one showing what's in the
newspaper.
And there's the man. He looks
like he's just came into town.
He's got a suitcase and he looks
like he's pondering where where
he should go and what he should
do.
He's looking at his watch. He
keeps looking at it looking up
at the tower. See what time it
is
And he's walking along with his
little suitcase.
Walking down the street some
more, walking some more.
He looks up and he sees these
little bright shiny ball things.
He's hanging in the sky there.
And all of a sudden this hat
comes, blows off. It takes this
hat right off his head, yes, and
the hat falls on the ground with
arrows pointing. It picks up his
hat and he's looking at this
piece of paper there.
And looking in his book, and
he's looking at the piece of
paper below. He's looking at his
book again, and he's all of a
sudden the man reaches out his
hand.
He's he's he's asking if he
could help him.
#END_arrival-3 trying to tell my
what he needs and the man's
thinking about it and listening
to him and listening to him, but
he draws him picture so he could
understand because I don't think
they speak the same language. He
draws him a picture of a bed and
a window and he goes, I know
what you want now, so, the man
said, looking at him and shows
him come with me and he's
carrying this strange looking
pet out of his backpack.
{OK, so this is another part of
this story.
And then we'll go to see another
part.}
#START_arrival-6 There's the jar
again.
Jars all by itself and then a
little fish looking thing is
coming to land on the jar.
Looks like he's trying to eat
something out of it.
then you see the reflection of
the man in the mirror and he has
a lamp and he's writing a
letter, it looks like.
He's got the old kind of pen and
quill, quill and ink pen to
write the letter.
That's a long time ago. If
they're writing with that, yeah.
And he's got his money on the
table and he's folding his
little letter up. He's folding
it into the shape of a bird.
And then it's putting it inside
an envelope.
And he's looking about how much
money he has and looking for a
stamp, I think. And he's licking
the envelope and he puts a stamp
on it.
Then he goes out with his little
pet and he goes and sees a woman
there asking her where he can
mail the letter. He says she
points to where she can go to
the mailbox there, mail his
letter.
So he goes up to the mailbox.
He's trying to figure it out.
He figures out how to open it
and puts it in there.
And then he's looking up at the
sky. I don't know if he's lonely
or what, and then you see him
walking down, always watching it
take off. Apparently this letter
has an air balloon attached to
it.
must be airmail.
And then he's walking down the
hill, walking away from them and
the mailbox it just took off.
Then there's a leaf.
Is there again leaf is
splitting? Ohh it's not really a
leaf, it's a bird.
A bird or a flower, maybe a
flower spreading open and then
it has a little round thing in
the middle. Once it's totally
spread open, there's a little
round.
Flower opening and it's brighter
and brighter. It's really
shimmering in the night and it's
brighter and brighter and then
it's back to dull again.
And then there's another flower.
it's different and it's growing.
Little buds on it, almost like
pearls.
And then they dropped on the
ground. That little lamb was
like they might be eating them,
so maybe it's some kind of
fruit. And then the tree is
barren.
And then there is a fading
looking one and it looks like
the leaves are falling. It's
getting less leaves and less
leaves and less leaves.
and less leaves until there's
just a bare bare shape of a
flower with nothing left.
Then we're in a giant.
City, factory, whatever it is,
it's a big place. The plane, the
strange looking air air vehicles
flying around.
Steam coming out of a lot of
steam pipes out there.
Pyramid shaped buildings. Very
interesting looking place.
There's the jar again. Oh, and
there's babies inside the jar
now, and the fish looking thing
is coming to feed her babies.
123 she feeds them.
And there's the man in his room
all by himself. He's lonely. I
think he misses his family
because he's looking at a
picture of his family.
Then there's little pets there
and his pets sleeping and his
pet wakes up.
The pets running down.
And then guys looking for words
to pet going, he's running down
the stairs, so he goes down the
ladder and follows him down the
ladder. At the bottom of the
ladder there's a letter.
The pet shows him it's a letter
and he opens the letter and then
the bird shaped letter he sent a
bird shaped letter, came back to
him and it's written. It's
probably from his family and
it's made him so happy.
then there's the paper shape
looking crab looking thing.
Funny looking oven type of
thing.
And there's a hat.
And a coat rack.
And both of strange looking
things. It's a picture of the
flying machine in the air.
Little contraption, not sure
what that is. A cup of must be a
coffee maker because you had a
cup of coffee and then there's
the picture of his family.
There is pain, but somebody some
money, maybe for the coffee.
Ohh, looks like he's found his
family came to see him maybe.
And he's got his wife and his
little girl with him and the
little pet looking for food
dropping off the table.
#END_arrival-6 Little girls
putting her boots on and he's
giving her hat. Little pet gives
her hat and she's running down
the stairs and running outside
with the the pet and she showed
him the magic little ball things
and looks one of them up and
throws it in the air.
{OK.
So let's take a break now.
Stop.}
{Continuing on, this item is a
graphic novel about 20 pages.
And again, please describe what
you see, what is happening, and
take between 10 and 15 minutes.}
#START_quest This is for Darcy.
There's a girl with wings.
scroll in their hand.
might be a girl might be a boy.
This is for Darcy and a bench
and a little porch light. And
the next scene is two children
under a tunnel. One has a purple
bird with a purple crayon, and
the girl girl has a red crayon
in her hand. And then over on
the bicycle they painted one
wheel red and one wheell purple,
and there's a door there they're
looking at.
Ohh and it looks like the King
has opened the door and he's
showing them a picture. A
special picture with circles of
purple and red and yellow.
And that purple bird is back
again. The little boy with the
purple crayon, a little girl
with a red crayon, or looking at
the king and he's telling them,
shh be quiet.
Gives the little boy a scroll
and he pushes like looks like a
bullet sling around the little
girl and he's showing them where
to go. He's saying go now.
And then the guards are coming
out to grab the king.
And they grabbed the king and
pulled them back inside the
door.
little boy and little girl
watching him take this the the
king away.
little purple birds on the boys
shoulder watching them too and
dropped his yellow crayon too.
So she puts a little crayon in
her little belt. Ohh that's it's
a belt. A whole different
different magic crayons. She
puts the King's yellow in her
belt and she's got the red one
in her hand and the little boy
has the purple one in his hand.
They're looking at each other.
And then on the next picture
they're starting to draw and
they both draw keys. That's what
they both Drew and you keys to
open the doors. One opens one
side and one opens the other
side and into the door they go
and the little Purple bird is
following them.
And there's a big castle, Ohh
it's ginormous castle and it's
got a Moat and it's got a
waterfall and it's flying
machines with men and them all
around. And there's guards
around the castle and they see
the king on a boat and the
guards are taking him away down
the river on the the Moat River.
Little boy and a little girl on
a rock trying to figure out how
they can go help the king.
Looking at the circle that the
king gave him the piece of
paper.
Looking at it to figure out what
to do and the little purple
birds looking in the water and
they keep getting farther away
and up on top there's a bunch of
guards and a bunch of boats. So
I said look at closer at the
map, they're pointing to 1
circle and it has a picture in
it.
maybe it's telling them how to
find the king.
but they are still on the rock,
and they're watching for the
guards. Looks like the guards in
the boats might have spotted
them, but they see one is
colored in the King's color with
a cage and the and and the one
guard is a coloring of the
King's color too.
then the rock and they go with
their true crayons and they're
starting to color, he's drawing,
it looks like a ball and oh, it
might be a a breathing helmet
drawing flippers and he's
throwing some kind of sea
looking urchin.
Ohh now they're under the water.
Oh it's like an octopus. And
they're holding on to the
octopus and it's taking him down
beneath the sea there. Yeah, she
gets what it was. She was
drawing little sea helmets oh
she even drew one for the bird.
And we got little flippers, and
they're going down below the sea
to a city down below.
Then they find a a it looks like
kind of a water fountain and
seahorses made of seahorses.
It looks magical, and she's got
these magic yellow kings and
magic yellow crayon there.
Actually, what he's doing. Then
all of a sudden the guards are
coming under the water after
them, they're chasing them, so
they're running away.
Let me go away.
They swam to an island, they're
running up onto the island
really fast. They got to kick
off the flippers and run away
from these guards.
Now they're drawing another
picture.
This purple crayon and she's
drawing a little square on top
of whatever he's drawing.
It's an elephant with those
elephant carrier on top.
not an elephant, that's a
rhinoceros.
a purple rhinoceros
That's going down the road.
To these ancient statues going
over to another building and it
was like they're on a beautiful
island with lots of buildings on
it, lots of greenery.
Ohh, and it's one of those
little rope suspension bridges
never are always kind of scary
to go across because they move
shaky. This one looks like it's
pretty worn out running across
this bridge to get to the other
side of the building over there.
They made it across. That's
good. But the soldiers are
coming right after them, and now
they're standing on top of a
tower and watching the soldiers
come fast after them.
The girl is drawing a box
looking thing and the boy is
drawing huge large Oval circles.
Ohh, it's a swing. She drew a
swing and he drew a big.
Gotta get them being like a
Caterpillar, not Caterpillar.
Grasshopper type looking thing
flying them away.
Soldiers can't quite reach them.
They try, but they can't get
them because they're flying
away.
They land on top of another
statue.
They're both on top of there,
but now ohh, here comes the
soldiers. They got air air
machines flying after them.
And now she has several colors.
She has purple and green and
yellow and orange and red.
she is looking at all of them
and they're on top of the tower
and he's looking at them too and
he's still got his little.
Circular map that the king gave
them.
Ohh, here come the soldiers
trying to grab the thing from
the bird.
The kids are on top of the tower
still, and they got the cage.
Are they going to try to catch
the bird in the cage? Oh no, not
again. And all a bunch of the
soldiers around flying closer
and closer.
Ohh, she made a rainbow.
she made a beautiful rainbow
with all the different colors
and the bird is carrying them.
Her belt held all the colors
across the sky. It looks so
pretty.
These planes can't catch them
that the the soldiers are all
falling out of their air
machines.
yay and the rainbow goes right
into the boat where the king was
where they captured the king and
the soldiers are all getting
knocked off the boat, so they
saved the king again. That's
awesome.
Beautiful colors, yeah. Not a
city is all lit up, but the
rainbow colors that they put
across the sky. Everyone is
happy again. Everybody is
celebrating and and they're in a
boat and they're on their purple
rhinoceros carrying them and the
kings with them on top of their
rhinoceros waving to all the
people and in pieces there's
peace again and all the soldiers
they've destroyed. Yeah, for
them.
Now they're getting off that
rhinoceros and the King's
helping the little girl down,
coming down by the little
waterfall again.
they are standing by
An opening in the rock and the
King is drawing something for
him before they leave. He's
drawing a crown for both of
them. He's crowning both of them
for her bravery.
And then they're waving goodbye
to the king and he's saying
thank you so much.
The two of them are back in the
tunnel, and what do they see? A
rainbow in the sky.
#END_quest Remind them of their
journey they just been on.
{OK, so that was the story and
then we'll go on to a complex
scene.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Dinosaurs, spacemen and ghouls,
Pew, incredible time, space and
horror are all in mighty middle
here. But cosmic costumes and
what great special effects one
of those flying saucers looks
like. It's really flying. Are
those real aliens inside? Not
actors at all. So what's real
and what's made-up in the films
like these? Well, let's take a
look.
Start off with the that that
writing was on a big movie
clipboard where they say action.
Then there's little dinosaurs
are in the background, and
there's a caveman fighting the
dinosaurs off.
Then there's some caveman on top
of a volcano, and the volcanoes
erupting then, and so they're
getting a little bottoms burned,
smaller eruptions right down
below it, and then there's a
sleeping dragon, and the
dinosaur is about ready to pop
them on the head. And then this
other one, dinosaurs on his
back, and they're tickling him
and he's laughing away.
dinosaur is making faces at at
them.
And they're running because he's
making faces at him.
This other dinosaur is dreaming
of dinosaurs and and.
And dinosaur girlfriend. Ohh,
he's dreaming of dinosaurs and
and the.
The caveman's drinking, well,
some are dreaming of dinosaurs
and some are dreaming of pretty
women.
And this one dinosaur, and he's
letting them write all over him,
and they're drawing airplanes
and cars all over our dinosaur.
And there's a blue dinosaur, and
then there's a red dinosaur. But
the Red Dinosaur isn't really
real because there's an actor
inside of it. So he has a fake
head. He just took off. How do
you know which dinosaur is real
and which ones not? Then there's
a caveman acsending into the
camera lights.
That's one way to get a sun tan.
Then there's actors putting on
leopard looking suits and
there's Leopard looking dinosaur
suits suits.
Then there's.
oh there is a movie set here.
They are all getting their
makeup on, getting ready for
action. Dinosaurs got his makeup
on already, and there's costumes
hanging up, all getting ready
and dressed as aliens getting
dressed. Cavemen are getting
ready there is mummies getting
ready.
And then there's all kinds of
lights for shoot the movie and
they're shooting a scene with a
scary looking house and a scary
looking tree and it looks like
there's mummies walking around
all over this this scary set.
You come up above and there's
seamen and and hanging from the
sky, and then you have aliens
and space saucers. Are they real
aliens or not? Who knows? And
there's all these silly men like
with their ocean gear on.
And it was like they're just
floating around because they got
them all hanging by strings
looking like maybe they're
flying.
there is a guy sitting on a
flying saucer, and then there's
another flying saucer full of
aliens about ready to crash, and
there's a man painting the whole
sky scene he's not quite done
before he started. And then
there's a big contraption where
all the guys have fallen out.
And then there's more aliens out
of their ship now.
And the aliens and the and the
and the people are actually
talking and they're filming it.
There's a cameraman filming all
this commotion going on at the
boom microphone so they can hear
what they're saying.
And then there's more lights,
more camera lights, and you go
down below and that's the other
half of the film. There's
they're filming over here with a
scary looking tree and more
zombies.
More cameras and more lights and
then they're over here and this
looks like it looks like a deli
where they can eat big pieces of
pie on the wall, big hamburgers
on the wall because waitresses
there and a lady bringing up the
cash register.
People eating pie at the table
and eating other things. And
then there's people. Aliens
they're eating too, and Dracula
is eating. They're all in their
costumes from making the movies.
They're all in like a cafeteria
line where they can go get what
they want to eat.
There's a clown half his clown
outfit on. There's a robot and
he's got his food over. It's
going to be hard for him to eat
with that robot costume on.
And then there's a guy with a
looks like a werewolf head on.
MD2.
Giant purple blue Turkey. I
never saw blue Turkey before,
but I guess they like it. Just
people running around
everywhere.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
There's a guy over there makeup,
doing makeup on on a lady.
{Alright, so that was five
minutes and let's move on to the
next one.}
#START_birthday_party_fun
Birthday party fun. Oh, I like
birthdays. Penguins stumble upon
a birthday celebration. Amelia
thinks the monkeys at the zoom
seemed calm in comparison to the
kids at the party. Huge heads,
straight. Hugo head straight for
the party food to nibble on the
sandwiches while Arnie stretches
his wings and gets ready for a
game of tug of war. Let's look
and see what we got here.
First, little old the lady.
That's the neighbors looking
over going what's all the
commotion going on here? Because
there's a lot of people at this
party.
there is a pinata first of all,
and then the kid is blindfolded
trying to hit the pinata. Those
are fun when, especially when
the candy drops.
And then we go up above and the
kids are all dressed in
different costumes, even for the
party.
And then there's dad's carrying
the cake out to the table.
There's a table full of all
kinds of food, cupcakes and cake
and candy and cookies and.
And not much healthy stuff at
that table, little boy dressed
like a little pig outfit.
And Mom's going yay birthday
cakes and they celebrate. Over
here. Kids are playing tug of
war.
And I don't know who's winning.
It looks like they're pretty
even as a kid with a whistle
ready to blow for the to say
who's the winner. And then
there's the table full of
presents. That's always a good
place. Lots of presents. That's
always fun, right? A birthday
party. And more people are still
coming in with presents.
And there's a clown there to
entertain the kids. And there's
a swimming pool too, and they're
swimming dumping water on on the
girl's heads of boys. Will do.
squirting people outside the
pool with squirt guns which boys
will do too. Must be a costume
birthday party because everyone
is in costume with all kinds of
different costumes on.
And up above we have some
ghoulish looking people that
dressed up as ghouls. They're
kind of scary looking and we
have behind the bounce house we
have little Red Riding Hood and
the big bad wolf.
And the bounce house, oh, that's
a fun place. Everybody, all the
kids, like the bounce house, and
they're jumping and sliding and
jumping and sliding having so
much fun.
And then there's a robot walking
around.
And I little donkey or horse
with a guy riding on it, another
clown, and then there's a kid
dressed as a horse.
And then there's a Angel. But a
devil just came out and scared
her.
Looks like Superman's running
around here too. And there's a a
guy dressed as a bandit running
and there's a Princess, and
there's a devil in a a ghoul
chasing some other people's
little Bo Peep and her sheep.
And it looks like the shepherd,
the shepherd limbo people are
fighting over the sheep.
It's my sheep. And then there's
a little girl dressed like a
witch and a little Princess. One
dress as a football player, one
dress as a fireman, but he's
squirting himself in the face.
That's putting out fires.
Ninja looking guy and little
Bumblebee lady on disco boys
there.
haven't seen disco for a while.
And then the clown is
entertaining everyone. There's a
Penguin. Penguin found the
sandwiches. He's eating healthy.
There's a kid dressed like
Dracula, and he's blindfolded,
chasing little ballerina girl.
And then there's uh 1 chase
chased by a policeman. There's
one getting out of the bouncer
house that is dressed like a
witch and putting her witch
shoes back on. You got to take
your shoes on to bounce in the
bounce house boy dressed like an
Indian. Little one dressed like
a dog. And we have one dress
like a doctor and then a soldier
and a flower child and.
#END_birthday_party_fun fairy
{And yeah, that was about 5
minutes.
Looks good. OK, another one
here.}
#START_escape_from_the_zoo
Escape from the zoo the Penguins
were bored with life at the zoo,
so they hatched a plan to escape
from their enclosure. They're
enjoying their newfound freedom,
completely unaware of the chaos
they have created around them.
Spike, Lowski, morning and Muffy
cannot believe that ice cream
cones taste so good. Yummy.
up at the top of the corner, we
have the polar bears.
And we have a
Couple of animals up in the tree
and the birds poking his head
out trying to scare him.
And the kids are all looking at
the polar bears. One polar bear
is in the water. That's always
fun to watch the polar Bears
play.
And then the elephants up in the
top and then feeding them
peanuts.
There's a little.
Cafe where people can go and
eat, and there's a little cafe
where they can shop. So there's
people coming in and out of the
shop, buy anything, souvenirs,
and there's people at the window
ordering the food for cafe, the
cafe.
And there's a kangaroo that's
loose hopping around with this
little baby in its pouch.
Then there's a A. It looks like
it might be where the Penguins
play. A little ice palace that
everybody's around.
But I don't see any Penguins in
it. You know why? they escaped.
So there's a lot of people
watching and looking. Oh,
there's a zookeepers looking at
their Nets out looking for the
Penguins.
And there on the other side are
couple of zebras and some
flamingos and a hippopotamus.
And the people are all watching
and ones eating an apple, ones
pushing their baby's stroller.
And there's a Peacock all inside
the Peacock wings. Guess what's
hiding Penguin? And there's a
lion and a lioness and a couple
of Gophers next to them.
And the kids have jumped over
the edge. I guess they want to
be the lion's lunch today. Never
jump into the lion's den.
And then there's a rhinoceros is
running through the whole crowd.
Oh my goodness. And everybody.
No wonder they're jumping over
the edge, because they're
rhinoceros is running and
scaring them. But then they
don't realize they're jumping in
with the lions and the lions,
licking his chops, going yummy.
And the snake running too with
them and then over in the other
cage it says there are giraffes
and some other animals.
Aardvark, anteater.
And they're all in the birds
flying over them.
They're kids feeding all those
animals and there's a guy
selling hot dogs.
Somebody's buying a hot dog.
Yum, Yum.
Further and there's ohh, the fun
guy, the ice cream guy.
Some little kids buying an ice
cream. Ohh I see a Penguin with
an ice cream and sneaking
around, he said. Ice creams
taste good and he found the ice
creams.
old man pushing it, pushing the
baby. And there's zookeepers
looking, other zookeepers
looking for the animals or
raccoons in the trash can, and
it looks like a monkey sitting
there reading the paper. There's
looks like the gorillas are all
upset and they're jumping all
around up there.
those penguins have cost quite
chaos. Ohh in the Kangaroos
pouch. It wasn't a or baby, it's
a Penguin hiding in her pouch.
Ohh over a little further.
There's a Penguin in the center
of all the people with the top
hat entertaining the people.
Those Penguins are having quite
the fun. They're oh I see a
Penguin underneath the zebra
riding a skateboard.
they're everywhere.
There's a man trying to read to
his son about the Penguin that
he's pointing over no the
Penguins are over there, dad.
Not there.
Not in the cage. They're over
here.
And then oh l the guys food that
giraffe is eating the guy's
food.
he is helping himself.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo Helping
himself to that food. { Yes,
alright, that was about 5
minutes and we can go on to the
last item. It's about 5 pages.}
#START_arrival-1 Picture of a
family, my dad, a mom and a
little girl.
And then someone's holding the
picture of the family, he's
taking it and he's wrapping it
up in paper. Once he's got it
wrapped in paper, he's tying a
string around it and he's tying
a string around it, and then
he's putting it in his suitcase.
And he's buckling his suitcase.
He's sitting there with the
suitcase in his lap.
There's a paper bird that he
made and there's a clock. It's
10 after 11.
There's a hat and a shirt
hanging up, and then there's a
pot.
Lid and a spoon, and then
there's a picture that the
little girl grew for him. It's
at the sun, shining. It's got a
little girl and it's got her
dad, her mom and her. And
there's a teapot steaming
teapot. And then it's a cup of
tea and a picture of the ship
and then some tickets. And then
there's the trunk packed up.
And then there's the picture.
The mom, the dad and the little
girl.
Then the the mom is sad because
the dad is leaving. He's packed
his bag. He's probably going to
find them a better place.
the bird paper thing is on the
top shelf along with the cloth
and the pictures that the little
girl drew her on the wall and
they got 2 cups of tea. Must be
having a tea together before
they eat heads out.
The little girl has been asleep
and she's starting to wake up.
She does a big yawn because she
just woke up. Now she's eating
breakfast, she's eating
breakfast and all of a sudden
she looks and sees the suitcase.
she has a sad look on her face.
The dad's putting on his hat and
the mom's putting on her
kerchief.
Little girls putting on her hat
and mom's buttoning her up and
she's putting on her boots.
Handing her daddy's suitcase to
him and he's grabbing up his
suitcase and they are walking
down the street getting ready
for him to depart.
She's looking up and she looks
sad. The little girl looks up
and she looks sad and she's
looking sad.
And everybody standing around
waiting for the train to come,
and he's talking to his little
girl. And underneath his hat he
has a paper bird, takes it out
and he hands it to her and he's
talking to her and he gives her
a big hug.
He gets and she's looking at him
and then the wife is crying.
She's crying and then then he
hugs her and he whispers
something sweet into her ears
and then he grabbed his bag and
he gets on the train and they're
holding hands at the last minute
and then they're hands have to
let go because the train is
taking off. And they watch the
train, Choo Choo down and out of
sight.
And then there's the picture of
the family again from home, dad
and daughter. He's got it on top
of his trunk and he's eating a
bowl of soup. Looking at his
picture, he looks very sad
because his misses his family
already. And you can see them
through the seaport of those the
porthole of the ship windows
looking out the window, all sad.
Looking and you can see all the
different portholes of all the
different families.
#END_arrival-1 It's a big ship,
a lot portholes and lots of
people on it. It's going across
the ocean.
{Alright, that's everything that
I have.}